first of all, AI is very useful to tackle primary error.
Also, it helped me about how to install et set my environement.
How to create my .venv ? how to put my librairies in my .venv ? etc

We have to be cautious with the the use of AI. In fact, AI does not "think". It is only able to give us the answer with the most likelihood to be understandable. It does not understand fact, or determinism.

It is completly "probabilistic". We should then not take in account what AI tell us with certainty. 
AI is like a good intern, with access to a lot of books, in a quick amount of time, but without any sens of logic. It can only give us answer with likelihood and a sense of being good. It is also excellent to pretend to know so we should be completly cautious with it.

this is also really good for troubleshooting. for example i wanted to put my files to github and forgot and wasn't able to understand the error. just by putting ALL the error, it was able to find the problem. It make sense, this is exactly the kind of problem it helps !

basically AI is really good at creating content. fast. quickly. It's also is biggest problem. It is really good at pretending to be good. It could also sometimes create you fancy code or too complexe for nothing.
i would really think that the quality of the output of an LLM is really depending on who is prompting it and of course, HOW.

Ai will also go in your side. Except if there is enourmous error, he will agree with you. So this is really important to know where you are going to and to not take the result as granted. This is like a intern with a lot of knowledge but without any common sense.

we also sometime hear in the media that AI improve productivity. Well, for me, it's like a Google Search really really advance, that could also write for you .. But if you don't know your goal, or if it is not well defined, how could you know you get to your goal ? This is exactly why, i do think it could hzve a positive impact on people having already good knowledge.
But with AI able to generate a lot of content really quick, then it is quite good
The most impportant human skill is then definitley "meta cognition". The ability to critize your own thought and decision. 
"What i am doing right know ? What is my goal ? What i am trying to achieve right now?"

This is also sometimes i feel and experience in my personel work as a Functional Analyst. The gap between good performer and bad peformer would be even greater with AI. Because Ai will not save you from your lack of knowledge.

The fool people are the one that doesn't know they are fool. AI will keep you fool, but with a lot of content that seem right. This is exactly why, as a young parent, i will invest a lot in building "critical thinking" for my kids. I do think this skill is more than ever important in our actual world.